And me Berlin
I'll give you one last chance.
get out of the way
There is no need for a thief
He is not a thief
He is the young master of Tianlong
patron saint of the continent
It's my man in Bailin
What!
Again, he's my Bailin's man
presumptuous
I treat you so well
Make you a saint
Let everyone admire you
Use the best of everything
Treat you as my woman
Future Queen
You betrayed me
Let another man
Then you're really being sentimental
I am the emperor of the continent
This whole continent is mine
Whoever I want to give birth to will give birth
Whoever I want to die has to die
What a great emperor
Big Zhou is because of you
Will be turbulent
Bold, do you know
You can kill your nine clans with just one word
Deceive the king to go up
heinous crime
Ask the Son of Heaven to order him to be killed
rebellious
Sin deserves death
No matter how strong he is
But in front of hot weapons, it's still Yang Fan
See you're not dead this time
Kill him for me